Add macro append_to_inittab (issue #2359) (#2377)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/building_and_distribution.md

If you encounter these or other complications when linking the interpreter statically, discuss them on [issue 416 on PyO3's Github](https://github.com/PyO3/pyo3/issues/416). It is hoped that eventually that discussion will contain enough information and solutions that PyO3 can offer first-class support for static embedding.

> ### Import your module when embedding the CPython interpreter

Reviewer: In general PyPy doesn't support embedding, so I don't think you need to make the distinction here.

```suggestion
### Import your module when embedding the Python interpreter
```

> When you run your Rust binary with CPython (not PyPy) interpreter, your newly created module won't be initialized unless the function defined with macro `#[pymodule]` is added to a table called `PyImport_Inittab`. This means Python statements like `import your_new_module` run by your Rust binary will fail. You can use macro `append_to_inittab` before function `prepare_freethreaded_python` being called to add the module function into that table. Also [`auto-initialize`](features.md#auto-initialize) needs to be turned off in such scenario.

Reviewer: Some phrasing suggestions. 

```suggestion
When you run your Rust binary with an embedded interpreter, any `#[pymodule]` created modules won't be accessible to import unless added to a table called `PyImport_Inittab` before the embedded interpreter is initialized. This will cause Python statements in your embedded interpreter such as `import your_new_module` to fail. You can call the macro `append_to_inittab` with your module before initializing the Python interpreter to add the module function into that table. (The Python interpreter will be initialized by calling `prepare_freethreaded_python`, `with_embedded_interpreter`, or `Python::with_gil` with the [`auto-initialize`](features.md#auto-initialize) feature enabled.)
```

Also, it would be great to link `append_to_inittab` to the docs - see the `PYO3_DOCS_URL` substitutions we use.
